alright we have here are completely new
and redesigned blaster six t6 LED stood
the new glass or six is among our new
lines of emergency warning products that
we will begin slowly rolling out here is
some of the new key features with the
new LED sticks the unit itself and we're
talking particularly with the blaster
six is the unit measures about 30 and
three-quarters inches in length from ink
up to end cap I've got about one in one
and a half inch in height then about one
and three-quarters inches in depth now
for the new series the t6 series you
have six super mags gen 3 LEDs per
module so for the blaster 66 you have a
total of thirty six LEDs now in this
video what we wanted to do was also show
you one of the new key features that is
specifically designed for customers now
particularly pertaining to this digg
it's going to be our new plug-and-play
module interchange feature that pretty
much allows the customer to interchange
modules on the fly so for an example we
will use this unit here that was
particularly in red and white so saying
if you have your red white stick and
you're finding yourself in need of the
blue and red bull instead of going
through and having to purchase an all
new LED stick what you can do is just
purchase single modules from us and bed
with you interchanges have you need so
we want to do is kind of show you how to
interchange these modules what you'll do
is just take a Phillips screwdriver
and in the stick there's two Phillips
screws what we want to do is we want to
take out those fish curries hold the
unit up and we're just going to flip it
upside down so the two screws fallout as
you're pulling out the module you do
want to be just a bit careful not
necessary just just snatch it out but
just pull it out here is our
plug-and-play connector a male and
female plug and play connected we're
just going to end snap these we remove
it here's our new module this particular
color is blue you're going to insert it
back into place it'll snap in we're
going to put our connector back inside
the stick and then we're just going to
set our module back down we'll take our
two screws replace them back in the LED
stay
and that's it what's your power back up
then you can go along the stake and
replace the whites to blue or any color
you want you can even throw in some
Amber's you can change this any way you
want if you have any questions just give
us a call or shoot us an email